Henry Barker
CSCI-305

10. The generated titles quickly turn into loops of two or three words. Often recurring phrases include "a little girl in the world" and "you are"

14. Common words form cycles quickly, as it is likely that common words follow other common words. As many words feed into common words, it is
  inevitable that most world devolve into cyclical patterns

15. Two song titles that terminate before 20 words are "montana sacra nova" and "po mahina saun"

16. Before adding a word to the final song title, I checked if it had been previously in the song title, if it had I ended the title creation,
and if it was a new word I added it to a list that kept track of words that had been in the title

17. montana sacra nova

18. bob marley vs me down south side story ends burning up your love you are

19. I get the same title again no matter how many times I run it. I think this is because instead of creating my own function to find the 
 most common word in the hash, I just used the Enumerable function hash.max_by, which probably chooses the word deterministically every time

20. "police state street blues away too much love you are"

21. The string manipulation and ease of using regex is really amazing, especially with syntax such as $1, $2, etc for the results
  of different capture groups in the regex that you use on the string. It makes it really helpful for extracting information out
    of garbage data, just as we did in this lab

22. I really dislike the fact that Ruby is dynamically typed. It made it confusing when doing certain manipulation and equality checks.
  It was always scary making a variable and hoping Ruby would know it was a string and not a Fixnum or some random class that would cause my
    code to error. The worst part is the strange way Ruby makes some things global secretly, or how by opening a file, it permanently changed
    gets to be reading from the file instead of standard in, which caused me great grief in getting user input to work.
    I actually have no idea what ruby does with variables it is incredibly frustrating and i hate it so much. i want to know what my code does!!!!

23. I loved this lab. This was the first time in all the CS classes I have taken that the lab involved more thinking
  than just making an array and a for loop. It was very fun to solve the problem, and it took some creativity, which
  is much more than I can say for any of the labs in data structures or c. The only sources of dislike were due to
  issues with Ruby, but the rest was really fun.

24. Probably around 4 hours.

25. I probably would not use Ruby again for the exclusive language for a project, but I would consider using Ruby
  in combination with other languages for quality of life if I needed to do easy string manipulation but still
  use a language for data structures or things that I didn't like about Ruby.
